Asphalt:
--------

Washable Fabrics:
-----------------

What you will need?
-------------------

-   Pretreatment laundry stain remover
-   Heavy-duty liquid detergent
-   Chlorine bleach or oxygen bleach
-   Dry cleaning solvent
-   Absorbent paper towels

Special notes about solution:
-----------------------------

Rub area with ice and scrape with side of dull knife. Proceed as above.

Steps to Clean:
---------------

1.  Saturate area with pretreatment laundry stain remover (aerosol types work better on greasy stains) Wait one minute for product to penetrate the stain. For stubborn stains, rub with heavy-duty liquid detergent. Launder immediately.
2.  If color stain remains, soak/wash in chlorine bleach if safe for fabric, or in oxygen bleach.
3.  For extra heavy stains, apply dry cleaning solvent to back of the stain over absorbent paper towels. Let dry, rinse. Proceed as above.

Carpet:
-------

What you will need?
-------------------

-   Isopropyl rubbing alcohol
-   Detergent
-   Hydrogen peroxide

Steps to Clean:
---------------

1.  Remove as much of the foreign material as possible by blotting with a white paper towel or scraping with a dull knife.
2.  Apply rubbing alcohol to a clean white cloth, white paper towel or cotton ball. If the spot extends deep into the pile use a blotting motion until the spot is removed or no color is transferred to the cloth. Do not allow the alcohol to penetrate into the backing as this will destroy the latex bond. If the spot is on the surface only, rub in one direction at a time. Never use a circular motion to remove the spot as this may destroy the texture. Stop if spot is removed. If not, continue with the next step.
3.  Apply a small quantity of detergent solution to the spot. (To make the detergent solution mix 1/4 teaspoon of a hand dishwashing detergent which does not contain lanolin or bleach with 1 quart of water) Use a blotting motion to work the detergent into the affected area. If spot is being removed continue applying detergent solution and blotting with a white paper towel until spot is removed.
4.  Rinse with tap water using a spray bottle, blot to remove excess moisture.
5.  Spray lightly with water, do not blot this time; apply pad of paper towels and brick and allow to dry.
6.  If there is still some stain on the carpet and blotting is not removing it, then moisten the tufts in the stained area with 3% hydrogen peroxide. Let stand for on (1) hour. Blot and repeat until carpet is stain free. Light will cause peroxide to change back to water so no rinsing is necessary.
7.  Apply pad of paper towels and weight down with brick.

Clipped from: <https://web.extension.illinois.edu/stain/staindetail.cfm?ID=99>
